osirisc/coastappli/SplashScreen.java
 osirisc.coastappli.SplashScreen
 osirisc.coastappli.SplashScreen$1
osirisc/coastappli/distanceErosion/TabInputFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.distanceErosion.TabInputFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.distanceErosion.TabInputFragment$1
 osirisc.coastappli.distanceErosion.TabInputFragment$1$1
 osirisc.coastappli.distanceErosion.TabInputFragment$2
 osirisc.coastappli.distanceErosion.TabInputFragment$2$1
osirisc/coastappli/location/TabInformationFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.location.TabInformationFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.location.TabInformationFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/helper/SessionManager.java
 osirisc.coastappli.helper.SessionManager
osirisc/coastappli/location/SectionsPagerAdapterLocation.java
 osirisc.coastappli.location.SectionsPagerAdapterLocation
osirisc/coastappli/ui/profile/ProfileViewModel.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel
osirisc/coastappli/widget/ProgressBarDialog.java
 osirisc.coastappli.widget.ProgressBarDialog
osirisc/coastappli/photoCaptureErosion/TabInputFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.photoCaptureErosion.TabInputFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.photoCaptureErosion.TabInputFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/ui/badges/BadgesViewModel.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.badges.BadgesViewModel
osirisc/coastappli/ui/log_out/LogOutViewModel.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.log_out.LogOutViewModel
osirisc/coastappli/RegisterActivity.java
 osirisc.coastappli.RegisterActivity
 osirisc.coastappli.RegisterActivity$1
osirisc/coastappli/MyApplication.java
 osirisc.coastappli.MyApplication
osirisc/coastappli/ui/history/HistoryFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.history.HistoryFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.history.HistoryFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/Database/Measure.java
 osirisc.coastappli.Database.Measure
osirisc/coastappli/ui/log_out/LogOutFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.log_out.LogOutFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.log_out.LogOutFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/ui/manage/ManageViewModel.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.manage.ManageViewModel
osirisc/coastappli/Database/MethodErosionPhotoCapture.java
 osirisc.coastappli.Database.MethodErosionPhotoCapture
osirisc/coastappli/Database/MethodErosionDistance.java
 osirisc.coastappli.Database.MethodErosionDistance
osirisc/coastappli/LoginActivity.java
 osirisc.coastappli.LoginActivity
 osirisc.coastappli.LoginActivity$1
 osirisc.coastappli.LoginActivity$2
 osirisc.coastappli.LoginActivity$3
osirisc/coastappli/Database/MeasureErosionDistance.java
 osirisc.coastappli.Database.MeasureErosionDistance
osirisc/coastappli/EmailVerify.java
 osirisc.coastappli.EmailVerify
 osirisc.coastappli.EmailVerify$1
 osirisc.coastappli.EmailVerify$2
 osirisc.coastappli.EmailVerify$3
osirisc/coastappli/ui/manage/ManageFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.manage.ManageFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.manage.ManageFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/HomeActivity.java
 osirisc.coastappli.HomeActivity
 osirisc.coastappli.HomeActivity$1
 osirisc.coastappli.HomeActivity$2
 osirisc.coastappli.HomeActivity$3
osirisc/coastappli/ui/badges/BadgesFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.badges.BadgesFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.badges.BadgesFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/ui/profile/ProfileFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.profile.ProfileFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.profile.ProfileFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/ui/history/HistoryViewModel.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.history.HistoryViewModel
osirisc/coastappli/helper/DatabaseHandler.java
 osirisc.coastappli.helper.DatabaseHandler
osirisc/coastappli/Database/MeasureErosionPhotoCapture.java
 osirisc.coastappli.Database.MeasureErosionPhotoCapture
osirisc/coastappli/photoCaptureErosion/SectionsPagerAdapterPhotoCaptureErosion.java
 osirisc.coastappli.photoCaptureErosion.SectionsPagerAdapterPhotoCaptureErosion
osirisc/coastappli/BuildConfig.java
 osirisc.coastappli.BuildConfig
osirisc/coastappli/Database/Marker.java
 osirisc.coastappli.Database.Marker
osirisc/coastappli/helper/Functions.java
 osirisc.coastappli.helper.Functions
osirisc/coastappli/location/TabIndicatorsFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.location.TabIndicatorsFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.location.TabIndicatorsFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/ui/map/MapFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.ui.map.MapFragment
osirisc/coastappli/location/TabTraceFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.location.TabTraceFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.location.TabTraceFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/photoCaptureErosion/TabMethodFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.photoCaptureErosion.TabMethodFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.photoCaptureErosion.TabMethodFragment$1
 osirisc.coastappli.photoCaptureErosion.TabMethodFragment$2
osirisc/coastappli/MainActivity.java
 osirisc.coastappli.MainActivity
 osirisc.coastappli.MainActivity$1
 osirisc.coastappli.MainActivity$1$1
 osirisc.coastappli.MainActivity$2
 osirisc.coastappli.MainActivity$3
 osirisc.coastappli.MainActivity$4
osirisc/coastappli/DistanceErosionMainActivity.java
 osirisc.coastappli.DistanceErosionMainActivity
osirisc/coastappli/distanceErosion/SectionsPagerAdapterDistanceErosion.java
 osirisc.coastappli.distanceErosion.SectionsPagerAdapterDistanceErosion
osirisc/coastappli/distanceErosion/TabMethodFragment.java
 osirisc.coastappli.distanceErosion.TabMethodFragment
 osirisc.coastappli.distanceErosion.TabMethodFragment$1
osirisc/coastappli/LocationMainActivity.java
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$1
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$2
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$3
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$4
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$5
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$6
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$7
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$8
 osirisc.coastappli.LocationMainActivity$9
osirisc/coastappli/PhotoCaptureErosionMainActivity.java
 osirisc.coastappli.PhotoCaptureErosionMainActivity
osirisc/coastappli/Database/DatabaseAssistant.java
 osirisc.coastappli.Database.DatabaseAssistant
